Project Overview
This is a secure escrow service platform that facilitates safe transactions between buyers and sellers. The platform ensures funds are held securely and are only released upon the successful completion of a transaction.

Features
User Authentication: Secure user registration and login with distinct roles for buyers and sellers.
Secure Transactions: A robust transaction creation form that uses user emails to initiate an escrow contract.
Responsive Design: A modern, styled interface for an intuitive user experience.
Modal Forms: Login, register, and create transaction pages are now modals for an improved user experience.

Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed on your machine:
Node.js & npm: Node.js (which includes npm)
MySQL Server: A running MySQL server to host your database.
npm: Ensure you have npm installed with your Node.js.

Installation
Follow these steps to set up and run the application.

Backend Setup
Navigate to the backend directory in your terminal:

Bash
cd backend
Install the required Node.js dependencies:

Bash
npm i

Configure your database connection by creating a .env file in the backend directory with your database credentials.

DB_HOST=localhost
DB_USER=your_db_username
DB_PASSWORD=your_db_password
DB_DATABASE=escrow_db
Set up your database tables by executing the SQL commands we created.

Frontend Setup
Navigate to the frontend directory in your terminal:

Bash

cd frontend
Install the required React dependencies:

Bash

npm install react react-dom react-router-dom axios react-modal
Running the Application
You need to run both the backend and the frontend simultaneously.

Start the Backend Server:
Open a new terminal window, navigate to the backend directory, and run the server:

Bash

cd backend
node src/server.js
The backend server will run on http://localhost:3000.

Start the Frontend App:
Open another terminal window, navigate to the frontend directory, and start the React application:

Bash

cd frontend
npm run dev
The frontend application will open in your browser, typically at http://localhost:5173.
